---
title: "Parrot 5.2 Release Notes"
date: 2023-02-15T09:34:11+02:00
author: palinuro
image: /assets/blog/5.2/parrot-5.2.png
description: "We're proud to say that the new version of Parrot OS 5.2 is available for download."
---

[](/public/assets/blog/5.2/parrot-5.2.png)

# Parrot 5.2 Release Notes

We're proud to introduce the latest version of Parrot Security!
Parrot 5.2 includes several new features and improvements made since version 5.1, which mostly include security and stability updates. 

## How do I get Parrot OS?

You can get Parrot OS by clicking [here](https://parrotsec.org/download/).

If you need any help through the installation process please don't hesitate to contact us in the way that is most comfortable for you, by clicking here you'll find all the links that you need to reach us.

## How do I upgrade from a previous version?

We always recommend upgrading your existing version to the new one to ensure that your OS remains stable and secure. 

You can upgrade via APT using one of the following commands:

````
sudo parrot-upgrade
````

or

````
sudo apt update && sudo apt full-upgrade
````

Before updating your version, we recommended a backup and re-installing the latest version to have a cleaner and more reliable user experience, especially if you upgrade from a very old Parrot version.

## What's new in Parrot OS 5.2

- The Calamares installer received several important updates to fix common installation issues.

- The Linux kernel was updated to version 6.0

- Several security updates were included to fix important bugs to Firefox, Chromium, sudo, dbus, nginx, libssl, openjdk and xorg.

- Anonsurf, our popular anonymity tool, now includes better support to TOR bridges.

- Wireless drivers for several Broadcom and Realtek cards not supported by debian received a major upgrade to include support for the 6.x Linux kernel, along with Virtualbox and Nvidia drivers

- Pipewire, the popular pulseaudio alternative, fixed several stability bugs with a new version backported from Debian backports

## Other products improvements

- The Raspberry Pi images received important updates to improve system performance and fix the audio drivers

- The HackTheBox edition received minor graphical updates.

